### Helvetic Coding Contest 2016 online mirror [ Problem C2- Brain Network ]

> [Problem Link](https://codeforces.com/contest/690/problem/C2)

> My Solution: \
[Link](https://github.com/royastik27/competitive-programming/tree/main/codeforces)

> My Approach (Using dynamic programming):
For every vertex, calculate furthest two vertices and update the answer with the maximum among the answer and the distance between the two furthest vertices. \
*Proof:*

> Another approach from editorial (magic algorithm!): \
Taking any vertex v, and determining the furthest vertex u (from v). Again, find the furthest vertex w (from u). The answer is the distance between u and w! \
*proof:* \
If we choose any vertex as v, and calculate the furthest vertex u from it, \
then the furthest vertex u will be a leaf node considering the vertex v as root. \
Obviously, the vertex u will be at maximum depth. \
Now, we have to proof that, the vertex u is one of the most distanced nodes. \
\
*We will proof by contradiction...* \
Suppose, the vertex u is none of the most distanced nodes. \
Let the most distanced nodes be u' and v'. And, the node with maximum depth is u. \
Then the distance between one of u' and v', and u will be greater than equal to the distance between u' and v'. This leads to a contradiction that, u' and v' are not the most distanced nodes. \
Hence, the vertex u is one of the most distanced nodes. \
\
Thus, distance between u and the furthest vertex w (from u) will be the maximum distance. *(Proved)*